So, guys, now let us summarize what we have discussed in this section of the course, so I try to
make rules, make it easy and handy to iterate over data structures with complex data structures after
the macros becomes unnecessary, after the macros are just a wrapper or what a for loop or why loops.
You must ensure that all the parentheses are balanced for iterative macros, as you will end up with
compiler error, applied text substitution to see what C-code ideally mackerels translates to in finds
in C++ or Java, the equivalent to iterative macros are outrate or classes in industry.
You will see either the macros all over the code base.
You are not allowed to iterate over the structures using traditional ways in the industry.
Your library must provide delete iterative macros, right?
So now let us have some exercises and questions on writing iterative macros.
I have provided you an assignment on writing iterative macros.
Please do and finish up that assignment.
Thank you.